GL-1101 optional sample name and sample id from user to loom (#25)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/smartseq2_multisample/Loom_schema.md

| :-- | :-- |
| LOOM_SPEC_VERSION | String with the loom file spec version |
| CreationDate | Date Loom file was generated |

> | sample_id | The plateid listed in the pipeline configuration file; by default it is set to the batch_id |

Reviewer: Does the global attribute still say sample_id on the Multi Sample SS2?

Author: It is batch_id and batch_name now

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| sequencing_input_id | The plate_id listed in the pipeline configuration file; by default it is set to the batch_id |
```
